Add additional documentation for setting an owner on contract deployment (#149)
FuelLabs/sway-libs: libs/ownership/SPECIFICATION.md

### `set_ownership()`

> This function will store a new owner if there has never been one set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function will store a new owner if one has not been set.
```

### `transfer_ownership()`

Only callable by the current owner, this function will transfer ownership to another user.

### `uninitialized()`

> Creates a new ownership in the `Uninitalized` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new ownership in the `Uninitialized` state.
```

> ### `initalized()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `initialized()`
```

> Creates a new ownership in the `Initalized` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new ownership in the `Initialized` state.
```

### `revoked()`

> Creates a new ownership in the `Revkoed` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new ownership in the `Revoked` state.
```

> > **Note** Once the ownership has been revoked it cannot be set or transfered again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note** Once the ownership has been revoked it cannot be set or transferred again.
```
